tile_markers = false
enableTweening = false
status_bars = true
draw_fps = false
draw_special_orb = true
draw_orb_arc = true
draw_health_overlay = true
draw_timers = true
toggle_overhead_names = false
toggle_overhead_hp = false
toggle_npc_overhead_names = false
toggle_npc_overhead_hp = false
toggle_item_pile_names = false
filter_item_pile_names = false
moving_prayers = false
ground_snow = false
shift_pet_options = false
sky_snow = false
drag_item_value = 10
incinerator = false
hide_equipment_button = false
hide_inventory_button = false
player_attack_priority = 0
npc_attack_priority = 2
show_hit_predictor = true
show_exp_counter = false
counter_size = 1
counter_color = 16777215
counter_speed = 1
counter_position = 0
counter_group = false
showHitPredictor = false
hidePrivateChat = false
loginLogoutNotification = false
profanityFilter = false
cameraMovement = false
shiftClick = false
esc_close = true
mouseButtons = false
acceptAid = false
brightness = 3
zoomToggle = false
chatEffects = false
privateChat = false
transparentSidePanel = false
transparentChatbox = false
sideStonesArrangement = false
roofs = true
orbs = true
sounds = false
sound_state = 0
music = false
music_state = 0
cameraSpeed = SLOW
keybinds = [112, -1, -1, 116, 113, 114, 115, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 122, -1, 123]
zoom_distance = 1160
